Module 1
1.
Question 1
When thinking about a story, which of the following best describes the fundamental structure?
Context, Challenge, Conclusion

2.
Question 2
Which are potential benefits of using stories?
All of the above

3.
Question 3
Which is a potential drawback to using stories for data?
False narratives

4.
Question 4
Talking to stakeholders can help you
All of the above

5.
Question 5
What best describes the meaning of expressiveness and effectiveness in relation to data visualization and storytelling?
Expressiveness is about displaying all the relevant data for an accurate understanding and effectiveness is the ability of the visualization to convey the meaning


6.
Question 6
Which of the following is not a primary consideration in developing a design strategy for a visualization?
Determining the best chart before talking to anyone

7.
Question 7
Which description best describes a Persona?

Highly specific archetypes or representatives of a particular user segment


8.
Question 8
Which of the following best describes an important purpose of Personas?
Help consolidate very different types of users into one “average” type

Prioritize design requirements



9.
Question 9
Which choice below is not generally considered an essential element of a useful Persona description?
The Persona's pet's name


10.
Question 10
It's good practice in the beginning of an audience interview to
Ask open-ended questions about interviewee's goals and pain points


11.
Question 11
Questions to consider about your data include
All of the above


12.
Question 12
Which is a potential pitfall of turning data patterns into narratives?
Conflating correlation and causation


13.
Question 13
One reason Tableau is great for finding stories in data and alternative ways to express them is
It's relatively fast and easy to import, visualize, and evaluate data in different ways


14.
Question 14
To increase the likelihood of your design's success, you should
Try to match, balance, and align stakeholder and audience goals


15.
Question 15
Albert Einstein is said to have remarked which of the following?
"Make things as simple as possible, but not simpler."

16.
Question 16
What is a tool that Tableau offers to help you organize your data story?
Story Points

