Module 3
1.
Question 1
A dashboard is _____________.
A visual display of the most important information needed to achieve one or more objectives.

2.
Question 2
What is a text object in Tableau?
A floating box that allows you to write any text you’d like and can be moved. It can only be used in a dashboard.

3.
Question 3
When sizing a dashboard, set the size in the upper left of the dashboard layout screen to:
Automatic so that Tableau can adjust based on screen size.

4.
Question 4
A filter action in a dashboard is accessed in the following ways:
Going to the drop down, selecting either worksheet or dashboard then selecting “action”.

5.
Question 5
How do you get the dashboard objects to align in a way that you want them to align?
You have to select the layout and adjust the numbers to where you need them to be most accurate.

6.
Question 6
Actions are powerful tools for your dashboard. So what is the most important thing to do before launching your dashboard that has actions in them?
Test different ways of clicking to make sure that it doesn’t throw weird results.

7.
Question 7
How can you make sure that a filter is connected to all of the visualizations in a dashboard?
By selecting “apply to worksheets” and choosing an option from the menu.

8.
Question 8
If there is filtering that would not make sense for a dashboard, select any of the possible options. (Select all that apply.)
Control the filtering through an action.
Select the down arrow in the filter and choose “only relevant values”
Do not include a filter that would create contextual problems.

9.
Question 9
Tableau will not render a dashboard perfectly for other devices. What’s one possible way to address this issue?
Select “automatic” in the sizing of the dashboard.

10.
Question 10
"I can pull in my mobile data, I can pull in my Google Analytics data. I can pull in my social data. I can pull in my Salesforce and CRM data and see that 360° view of that prospect and the customer."

This statement best represents which of the core characteristics of modern dashboards?
Pull Data from all sources to get the full picture
